Did you know the first French fries weren't fried in France? They were fried in Greece.
Hey! I'm hosting an edging party, but uhhh, you can't come.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. "That's my stepladder," he said. "I never knew my real ladder."
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It's soda pressing.
Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn't cool.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym, but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker.
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7's and 8's.
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now.
Not to brag, but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes.
I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
When I die, I want to be cremated. It's my last chance to have a smokin' hot body.
I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
What's the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
What did the Baby Corn say to Mama Corn? Where's Pop Corn?
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
What does garlic do when it gets hot? It takes its cloves off.
Where do young trees go to learn? Elementree school.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
In my town is a 600-pound woman who can reveal the future. She's a four-chin teller.
What country's capital is growing the fastest? Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.
I tried Wookiee meat the other day. It was Chewie.
What do you call a lizard with low libido? A reptile dysfunction.
What did the clock ask the watch? Hour you doing?
What is the most aggressive bat species? Combat (or battery or batshit crazy)
What sound does the Mexican Pac-Man make? Guaca-Guaca-Guaca-Guaca
If the opposite of con is pro, what the opposite of constitution? Prostitution.
So my wife was standing, looking at herself in the bedroom mirror. She was not happy with what she saw and said to me, "I feel horrible. I look old, fat and ugly and I really need you to pay me a compliment." I replied, "Your eyesight’s damn near perfect."
I accidentally passed my wife a glue stick instead of her chapstick. She's still not talking to me.
What did the yogi say when their landlord tried to evict them? Namaste.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
Why do bees have sticky hair? They use honeycombs.
I used to be a DJ at Stonehenge. It was classic rock, but I no longer mix in that circle.
What's the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball? A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
Tried to tell my wife a LEGO joke. She couldn't put it together.
What rank do all Army Dentists hold? Drill Sergeant.
I fell in love with a girl who only knew 4 vowels. She never knew I existed.
What do dentists call their x-rays? Tooth pics
I wanted to surprise my wife by making her favorite chili, but I spilled the beans.
I walked into a gay bar. I couldn't see straight.
What's the difference between a plumber and everyone else? Different shit, different day.
I got mugged by six dwarves last night. Not Happy.
Yesterday, I got into an argument about which vowel was the best. I won.
Why couldn't the composer go to the bar? He was A Minor.
My niece was the only girl in her class of engineering. I would have thought that she would have the pick of the guys, but she remained single. Her odds were good, but the goods were odd.
What's the difference between a C-section and a natural birth? Take-out versus delivery.
You have to hand it to short people. Cause they usually can't reach it.
My wife is turning 32 soon. I've told her not to get her hopes up. After all, we're only going to celebrate it for half a minute. When she asked what in the world was I talking about, I pointed out, "This is your thirty-second birthday."
Why do frogs love about 2024? It's a leap year.
My girlfriend keeps accusing me of cheating. She's really starting to sound like my wife.
The airline lost my luggage. I would sue, but I don't have a case.
A doctor asked me to count to 10. I counted 1,3,5,7,9. The doctor said, "Hmm, that's odd." I said, "I can't even."
The best sex I've ever had was when I went camping. It was in tents.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
What do you call a knight made entirely of china? Sir Ramic.
Here's a deck of cards. Deal with it.
Fruit of the Loom took Hanes to court. It was a brief case.
Why do people bring vanilla ice cream to church? They need it for Sundae school.
Why does Snoop does use an umbrella? Fo drizzle.
My wife is really mad that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
I've come to terms with the fact that I don't have the best ceiling in the world. But it's definitely up there.
I confessed to my therapist the shame I feel for finding my reflection sexually arousing. She replied, "Don't be so hard yourself."
What's a place called where hobbits can't live? Uninhobbitable.
What do you call people who only believe 12.5% of the bible? An eighth-theist.
Why are teddy bears never hungry? They're always stuffed.
Do you know why milk is the fastest liquid? It's pasteurized before we can even see it.
Do you know what's the perfect name for a horse? Mayo. Because Mayo neighs.
What do you call a psychic dwarf who escaped prison? A small medium at large.
What do you call the sexuality where you're attracted to men and women, but they're not attracted to you? Bi-yourself.
Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, "Dad, can't you just use a sponge?"
Teslas don't have a new car smell. They have Elon Musssssk.
I asked my friend Sam to sing a song about the iPhone. And then Samsung.
My wife was furious about my revolving chair purchase. Then she sat on it. Eventually she came around.
What do you call a nun who sleep walks? A Roamin' Catholic.
I got the words "jacuzzi" and "yakuza" confused. Now I’m in hot water with the Japanese mafia.
