What's the difference between me and cancer? My dad didn't beat cancer.
What do you get when you mix goat DNA with human DNA? You get kicked out of the petting zoo.
What's the quickest way to get a nun pregnant? Dress her like a choir boy.
These jokes are so dark, they'd get shot by the police.
Why don't the cops give Batman a badge? Because Batman doesn't kill people.
What are Mexicans' favorite sport? Cross-country.
A cop pulls over two Bulgarians and says, "We’re looking for two child molesters." The Bulgarians look to each other for a moment and reply "We’ll do it."
If only we donated more money to Africa for mosquito nets, we could save millions of mosquitoes from dying of AIDS.
What do Pink Floyd and princess Diana have in common? Their greatest hit was the wall.
My German girlfriend won’t stop screaming her age during sex.
Dark humor is like food. Not everyone gets it.
How do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter how you call it, it won't come anyway.
What's the difference between a cop and a bullet? After a bullet kills someone, you know it's been fired.
Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese girlfriend? You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it.
What's the most unrealistic thing about Harry Potter? A ginger having friends.
How do you annoy an archeologist? Give them a used tampon and ask them to guess which period it's from.
What does a stripper and Nutella have in common? They both spread for bread.
Karate for amputees is called partial arts.
What's worse than a baby in a dumpster? A baby in 2 dumpsters.
Why do black men cry after sex? The pepper spray.
A father is showering in the morning when his young daughter stumbles into the bathroom. She opens the curtain and notices his penis to which she says, "Daddy what's that?" The father replies, "That's my penis sweetie." The daughter quickly asks, "Will I ever get one?" The father chuckles and responds, "As soon as your mother leaves for work."
I'm collecting money for a new charity, The Tempura House. It's a shelter for lightly battered women.
Say what you want about deaf people.
Did you know Kurt Cobain had blue eyes? One blew that one, and the other blew that way!
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they just beat the shit out of the room for being black.