The Labrador Retriever has been on the AKC's top 10 most popular breeds list for longer than any other breed.
A dog's nose print is unique, much like a person's fingerprint.
Forty-five percent of U.S. dogs sleep in their owner's beds.
All dogs dream, but puppies and senior dogs dream more frequently than adult dogs.
A dog's sense of smell is legendary, but did you know that their nose has as many as 300 million receptors? In comparison, a human nose has about 5 million.
Rin Tin Tin, the famous German Shepherd Dog, was nominated for an Academy Award.
Dogs' noses can sense heat and thermal radiation, which explains why blind or deaf dogs can still hunt.
The French Bulldog was first named the most popular breed in 2022.
Yawning is contagious — even for dogs. Research shows that the sound of a human yawn can trigger one from your dog. And it's four times as likely to happen when it's the yawn of a person your pet knows.
The Dandie Dinmont Terrier is the only breed named for a fictional person, a character in the novel "Guy Mannering" by Sir Walter Scott.
Dogs curl up in a ball when sleeping to protect their organs — a holdover from their days in the wild, when they were vulnerable to predator attacks.
The Basenji is not technically "barkless," as many people think. They can yodel.
The Australian Shepherd is not actually from Australia. In fact, they are an American breed.
The Labrador Retriever is originally from Newfoundland.
Human blood pressure goes down when petting a dog and so does the dog's.
A person who hunts with a Beagle is known as a "Beagler."
Dogs don't only see in black and white — they can also see blue and yellow!
All puppies are born deaf.
Dalmatians are born completely white. They develop their spots as they get older.
Dogs have about 1,700 taste buds. We humans have between 2,000 and 10,000.
When dogs kick backward after they go to the bathroom, it's not to cover it up, but to mark their territory, using the scent glands in their feet.
A study shows that dogs are among a small group of animals who show voluntary unselfish kindness towards others without any reward.
The Norwegian Lundehund is the only dog breed created for the job of puffin hunting and they're the only dog that has six toes on each foot!
Greyhounds can beat cheetahs in a race. While cheetahs can run twice as fast as Greyhounds, they can only maintain that 70 mph speed for about thirty seconds. A Greyhound can maintain a 35 mph speed for about seven miles. The cheetah may start out first, but the Greyhound would soon overtake them.
The Bloodhound's sense of smell is so accurate that the results of its tracking can be used as evidence in a court of law.
A Great Dane named Zeus is the world's tallest male dog. Zeus is 3 feet, 5.18 inches tall.
The shortest dog ever recorded was Pearl the Chihuahua. She measures 3.59 inches tall.
The Beatles song 'A Day in the Life' has a frequency only dogs can hear.
Research has found that border collies are the most intelligent dog breed.
Pembroke Welsh corgis are revered for their enchanted nature and are known in Welsh folklore as companions and steeds to fairies.
A service dog named Kirsch received an honorary master's degree in mental health counseling for attending all of his owner's classes.
A group of pugs is called a grumble.
The Catahoula leopard dog is the only breed capable of climbing trees.
Basset hounds use their incredibly long ears to trap scents.
Dogs have 18 muscles that control their ears.
Dogs are now capable of watching TV because of the invention of HDTV with higher frame rates. Before that, TV just looked like a strobe light to them.
A dog's sense of smell is 10,000 to 100,000 times more accurate than a human's.
Dogs can be trained to detect cancer and other diseases.
The saluki, the oldest dog breed still existent today, has been hanging around humans since 329 BCE.
Dogs can hear about four times the distance of a human.
Some dogs, like the Newfoundland breed, have webbed feet.
Chinese nobles would hide Pekingese dogs in their sleeves as a form of attack.
There is a place on earth that, quite literally, looks like doggy heaven. Territorio de Zaguates, or "Land of the Strays," is a volunteer-run shelter in Costa Rica. They have about 900 dogs there, and they have special hikes across the hills with you and the dogs. Every one of the dogs in the shelter is up for adoption.
The golden retriever has never won the Westminster Dog Show.
The name "pug" most likely came from the Latin word "pugnus," which means "fist," because the shadow of a fist resembles a pug's profile.
Most French bulldogs' hips are too slim to deliver puppies, so their litters are almost always delivered via C-section.
Roselle, a guide dog, saved her blind owner during 9/11 by leading him out of the North Tower and down 78 flights of stairs.
There once existed a breed of dog called the Turnspit that was bred to run on a wheel to make meat turn and cook evenly.
Some 26,000-year-old canine paw prints were found fossilized next to those of a child, revealing the oldest evidence of dog being man's best friend.
Corgi is Welsh for "dwarf dog."