Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
Are you French because Eiffel for you.
Life without you is like a broken pencil… pointless.
Hey, tie your shoes! I don't want you falling for anyone else.
I'll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
If you were a steak, you would be well done.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Are you cake? Cause I want a piece of that.
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
Are you a cat because I'm feline a connection between us!
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
If you were a potato, you'd be a sweet one.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
I must be in a museum because you truly are a work of art.
There must be something wrong with my eyes. I can't take them off you.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
Do I know you from somewhere? Oh, that's right. My dreams.
Hello. Cupid called. He wants to tell you he needs my heart back.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
People call me John, but you can call me tonight.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Hey! Are you garbage? I'll take you out!
I'm so lost. I was looking for your number.
Is your daddy a drug dealer? Because I think you look dope.
You're like pizza. Even when you're bad, you're good.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Do you like coffee? Because I like you a latte.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see!
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaaaaaam!
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.
Hey! My name is Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Pizza is my second favorite thing to eat in bed.
Do you like action movies? Because you're giving me Jean Claud Van Daaaaaaaam vibes.
Do you like vegetables because I love you from my head tomatoes.
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.
If you were a Transformer, you'd be "Optimus Fine".
Are you craving Pizza? Because I'd love to get a pizza you.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice.
If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don't worry I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
Are you from Starbucks because I like you a latte.
Are you a banana because I find you a peeling.
Do you like science because I've got my ion you.
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
If looks could kill, you'd be a weapon of mass destruction.
I was wondering if you're an artist because you were so good at drawing me in.
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
There is something wrong with my phone. Could you call it for me to see if it rings?
Do you have a tan, or do you always look this hot?
Did you swallow magnets? Cause you're attractive.
Do you generate electricity with water through the process of hydropower? Because dammmm.
My mom thinks I'm gay, can you help me prove her wrong?
Are you from Starbucks because I like you a latte.
Are you from China? Because I'm China get your number.
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!
Are you religious? Cause you're the answer to all my prayers.
I was wondering if you're an artist because you were so good at drawing me in.
My love for you is like diarrhoea, I just can't hold it in.
Are you my appendix? Because I don't understand how you work but this feeling n my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Is your name ariel? Because I think we mermaid for each other.
You must be the speed of light... because time stops when I look at you.
I need to complain to Spotify, because you must be this week's hottest single.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Is summer over? Because I'm about to 'fall' for you!
You're like a dictionary... you add meaning to my life.
Are you a 90 degree angle? Cause you are looking right!
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
You know what you would really look beautiful in? My arms.
I thought Happiness starts with H. But why does mine starts with U.
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're soda-licious.
Did you hear of the new disease called beautiful, I think you're infected.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
My doctor says I'm lacking vitamin U.
When a penguin finds a mate they stay with them for the rest of their life. Will you be my penguin?
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in the room?
If we were playing poker, I would go all in.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Are you from Japan cause I'm trying to get in Japanties.
Is your name Google? Because you've got everything I'm searching for.
If you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.
Are you a keyboard? Because you are my type.
Somebody call the cops, because it's got to be illegal to look that good!
Do you like sales? Because if you're looking for a good one, clothing is 100% off at my place.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9... And I'm the 1 you need.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Are you a loan? Because you are gaining my interest.
Hey you dropped something... Your standards.
Are you a toaster? Because one bath with you would send me to heaven.